In the last lecture I created the HMO code for a template.
It won't work though because we're not loading a recipe.
This property doesn't exist yet.
But before I actually load it let be styled this day of year just to kind of all the practice is s.c.s
thing again or does custom styling.
I want to add a class here which all names subtitle of course you can choose any name you like.
And then the is as file of the recipe component.
I will simply add this class or a set up this class here and it will be super simple but I want to have
Mei's subtitle to be uppercase I can achieve this with text transform and I will set the color Tudor's
light gray look here.
So really just you again see this in action so that you don't forget about this file and that you can
change the styling of your template with that file if you wrap it inside of this outer selector.
So what this the HDMI Ellas prepared.
And D C S S is prepared.
Restyling.
Now let's actually load our recipe Fetchit.
We're getting it from neth Perens in the end.
And then make sure that we can see Cedar's before we start hooking up those buttons thereafter.